RHIDP-1925 bulk import from GitHub (#616)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/importing-repositories/procedure-managing-the-imported-repository-list.adoc

> = Managing the list of Added repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Managing the list of Added repositories

.Prerequisites
* xref:enabling-ang-giving-access-to-the-bulk-import-feature[You enabled the Bulk Import feature].
* xref:enabling-ang-giving-access-to-the-bulk-import-feature[Your {product-short} user has access to the Bulk Import feature].

```

Should we repeat the same list of Prerequisites here too?

> = Managing the list of Added repositories

Author: ```suggestion
[id="managing-the-added-repository]
= Managing the added repositories
```

> [id="managing-the-added-repository]
> = Managing the added repositories

Author: ```suggestion
[id="managing-the-added-repositories]
= Managing the added repositories
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can oversee and manage the repositories that are imported to the {product-short}.
```

> You can oversee and manage the repositories that are imported to the {product-short}.

Author: ```suggestion
You can oversee and manage the repositories that are imported to the {product-short}.

```

> * You have xref:enabling-ang-giving-access-to-the-bulk-import-feature[enabled the Bulk Import feature].
> * You have xref:enabling-ang-giving-access-to-the-bulk-import-feature[access to the Bulk Import feature].

Author: ```suggestion
* You have xref:importing-multiple-github-repositories[imported GitHub repositories].
```

.Procedure
. Click *Bulk Import* in the left sidebar to display all the current repositories that are being tracked as Import jobs, along with their status.

Added:: The repository is added to the {product-short} catalog after the import pull request is merged or if the repository already contained a `catalog-info.yaml` file during the bulk import. 

> This can be the case after the import PR has been merged, or if the repository already had a `catalog-info.yaml` when it was bulk-imported.

Reviewer 2: This sentence is being repeated. Please remove this sentence

Author: ```suggestion
```

Note that it may take a few minutes for the entities to be available in the catalog.

Waiting for approval:: There is an open pull request adding a `catalog-info.yaml` file to the repository.
You can:
* Click the *pencil icon* on the right to see details about the pull request or edit the pull request content right from {product-short}.

> * Delete the Import job, this closes the import PR as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Delete the Import job, this action closes the import PR as well.
```

* To transition the Import job to the _Added_ state, merge the import pull request from the Git repository.

Empty:: {product-short} is unable to determine the import job status because the repository is imported from other sources but does not have a `catalog-info.yaml` file and lacks any import pull request adding it.

> This can be the case if the repository was imported from other sources but does not have any `catalog-info.yaml` file and does not have any import PR adding it.

Reviewer 2: This information is added to the above sentence. Please remove this sentence.

Author: ```suggestion
```

[NOTE]
====
* After an import pull request is merged, the Import status will be _Added_ in the list of Added Repositories, but it might take a few seconds until the corresponding entities show up in the Developer Hub Catalog.

> * A Location added through other sources (like statically in an `app-config.yaml` file, dynamically when link:{linkgettingstartedguide}#enabling-github-discovery-in-red-hat-developer-hub[enabling GitHub discovery], or registered manually via the "Register an existing component" page) may show up in the Bulk Import list of Added Repositories if both conditions are met:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A location added through other sources (like statically in an `app-config.yaml` file, dynamically when link:{linkgettingstartedguide}#enabling-github-discovery-in-red-hat-developer-hub[enabling GitHub discovery], or registered manually using the "Register an existing component" page) may show up in the Bulk Import list of Added Repositories if the following conditions are met:
```

> * A location added through other sources (like statically in an `app-config.yaml` file, dynamically when link:{linkgettingstartedguide}#enabling-github-discovery-in-red-hat-developer-hub[enabling GitHub discovery], or registered manually using the "Register an existing component" page) may show up in the Bulk Import list of Added Repositories if the following conditions are met:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A location added through other sources (like statically in an `app-config.yaml` file, dynamically when link:{linkgettingstartedguide}#enabling-github-discovery-in-red-hat-developer-hub[enabling GitHub discovery], or registered manually using the "Register an existing component" page) might show up in the Bulk Import list of Added Repositories if the following conditions are met:
```

** The target repository is accessible from the configured GitHub integrations.

> ** The Location URL points to a `catalog-info.yaml` file at the root of the repository default branch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** The location URL points to a `catalog-info.yaml` file at the root of the repository default branch.
```
